Accessibility links Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC Homepage Dozens killed in South Korean hospital fire At least 37 people are killed and 70 hurt in the deadliest fire in South Korea for a decade. Asia Dozens killed in South Korean hospital fire ODI series: Australia v England Cricket ODI series: Australia v England Trump 'tried to sack Russia inquiry chief' US Trump 'tried to sack Russia inquiry chief' 50 Cent forgot he had a stash of Bitcoin now worth $8m Business 50 Cent forgot he had a stash of Bitcoin now worth $8m Nutella 'riots' spread across France Europe Nutella 'riots' spread across France News Casey Affleck pulls out of 2018 Oscars The actor will not be presenting the Oscar for best actress due to past claims of sexual harassment. Entertainment & Arts Casey Affleck pulls out of 2018 Oscars BBC male presenters agree pay cut The stars have agreed to reduce their salaries after rows over equal pay at the corporation. UK BBC male presenters agree pay cut Can US border agents lawfully search you? A viral video shows border patrol agents questioning passengers aboard a Greyhound bus. Can they legally do this? US & Canada Can US border agents lawfully search you? Sport Latest transfer news and gossip Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho calls Alexis Sanchez the "juiciest orange", latest transfer news and gossip, plus FA Cup news conferences. Football Latest transfer news and gossip Australian Open semi-final: Federer wins first set in 34 minutes Live text and online radio commentary as Roger Federer leads Hyeon Chung in the semi-finals of the Australian Open. Tennis Australian Open semi-final: Federer wins first set in 34 minutes FA Cup fourth-round predictions - Lawro v Poet and Vuj BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson and Copa90 presenters Poet and Vuj predict the outcome of this weekend's fourth-round FA Cup ties. Football FA Cup fourth-round predictions - Lawro v Poet and Vuj London Weather Edit Fri 8°C 4°C Sat 10°C 8°C Sun 13°C 9°C Mon 12°C 4°C Editor’s Picks How to hallucinate with ping pong balls It takes your brain to another dimension Future How to hallucinate with ping pong balls Being a child in Nazi Germany A new book brings together the memories of the ‘Kriegskinder’ Culture Being a child in Nazi Germany The designers made by Instagram How the social media platform became a game-changer for interiors aficionados Designed The designers made by Instagram What’s the real point of PowerPoint? It’s used 30 million times a day – so how has it changed our working lives? Capital What’s the real point of PowerPoint? Georgia’s surprising ‘shrine’ to Stalin ‘You can’t deny he was very interesting’ Travel Georgia’s surprising ‘shrine’ to Stalin The Korean tennis star making history Chung Hyeon is the first South Korean to reach a tennis Grand Slam semi-final Asia The Korean tennis star making history The impressive art of Japanese snowfall Tokyo's been hit by heavy snow and people are getting creative Newsbeat The impressive art of Japanese snowfall Latest Business News 1 Carney calls for 'deeper' EU relationship 2 Goldman warns on irreversible Brexit plans 3 Business Live: What to expect from Trump 4 A brief history of the retail ruckus 5 Walmart in tie-up with Japan's Rakuten Connected Commerce Business How UK food firms crack the US How UK food firms crack the US ADVERTISEMENT Global education Business England and US will not take Pisa tests in tolerance England and US will not take Pisa tests in tolerance Featured video China's transgender TV star Jin Xing hosts Chinese Dating - a show where parents, controversially, decide who their sons can date Asia China's transgender TV star Recommended Most Watched Latest China's transgender TV star Asia China's transgender TV star Las Vegas survivor's amazing recovery US & Canada Las Vegas survivor's amazing recovery First monkeys cloned in Chinese lab Health First monkeys cloned in Chinese lab What it was like to face Larry Nassar US What it was like to face Larry Nassar Five ways women made a mark in Oscar... Entertainment Five ways women made a mark in Oscar nominations Boris Johnson struggles in interview UK Boris Johnson struggles in interview Ready for the total solar eclipse? US & Canada Ready for the total solar eclipse? Koalas 'face extinction' in parts of... Australia Koalas 'face extinction' in parts of Australia Video 'shows Mosul mosque's destruction' Middle East Video 'shows Mosul mosque's destruction' Indonesia's female 'devil wheel' riders Asia Indonesia's female 'devil wheel' riders One-minute World News Video One-minute World News Boris and the tale of the ancient mummy Europe Boris and the tale of the ancient mummy Wounded cut free from derailed Italy train Europe Wounded cut free from derailed Italy train Trump 'looking forward' to FBI interview US & Canada Trump 'looking forward' to FBI interview BBC World Service On Air: Newshour Extra More from around the BBC Museum 'offers Trump a solid gold toilet' The Guggenheim declines a White House request for a Van Gogh, instead offering an 18-karat lavatory US Museum 'offers Trump a solid gold toilet' Music News LIVE: 26 January Rolling coverage of the biggest music news from around the world. Entertainment Music News LIVE: 26 January Lyft investigates privacy abuse claim The claim includes that employees of the ride-sharing firm tracked famous users such as Mark... Technology Lyft investigates privacy abuse claim No safe level of smoking, study finds Smoking even one cigarette a day increases the risk of heart disease and stroke, a study finds. Health No safe level of smoking, study finds Coral reefs 'entangled with plastic' Plastic is one of the biggest risks to the future of coral reefs after ocean warming, say... Science & Environment Coral reefs 'entangled with plastic' 'I survived two concentration camps' What can we learn from a Holocaust survivor? 27 January is Holocaust Memorial Day. Stories 'I survived two concentration camps' Who'll sell for millions in IPL auction? India Premier League clubs will spend big bucks as some of the world's best cricketers go on offer. India Who'll sell for millions in IPL auction? From Our Correspondents Ariane rocket suffers rare anomaly By Jonathan Amos Top games 'depict unrealistic drugs use' By Dave Lee What will Brexit 2.0 mean for UK? By Laura Kuenssberg The 'secret memo' intriguing Washington By Anthony Zurcher Davos: Trump arrival looms over meeting By Kamal Ahmed What could China do in a US trade war? By Karishma Vaswani Job done for Boris Johnson? By Laura Kuenssberg Davos: The big worry under the mounds of snow By Kamal Ahmed Technology of Business Meet the 'backpack midwife' bringing healthcare for all Business Meet the 'backpack midwife' bringing healthcare for all The Boss The businessman exiled for being Jewish Business The businessman exiled for being Jewish World in pictures Lluniau: Cofio Glofa’r T?r // In Pictures: Tower Colliery Newyddion a mwy Lluniau: Cofio Glofa’r T?r // In Pictures: Tower Colliery Seine river bursts banks in Paris Europe Seine river bursts banks in Paris Week in pictures In Pictures Week in pictures London lit up by Lumiere festival London London lit up by Lumiere festival In pictures: Storm rips through Europe Europe In pictures: Storm rips through Europe BBC in other languages Russian "?????? ????": ??? ????? ???????? ??????????? ????????? Spanish De campesino a diseñar la política económica de China: quién es Liu He, uno de los consejeros más cercanos al presidente Xi Jinping Persian ????? ?? ???? ?????? ????? ???? ????????? ???????? ??? Portuguese Condenação de Lula inviabiliza discurso de Bolsonaro e pode monopolizar debate eleitoral de 2018, dizem cientistas políticos More Languages Arabic ???? Azeri AZ?RBAYCAN Bangla ????? Burmese ?????? Chinese ??? French AFRIQUE Hausa HAUSA Hindi ?????? Indonesian INDONESIA Japanese ??? Kinyarwanda GAHUZA Kirundi KIRUNDI Kyrgyz ?????? Marathi ????? Nepali ?????? Pashto ???? Persian ????? Portuguese BRASIL Russian ?? ??????? Sinhala ????? Somali SOMALI Spanish MUNDO Swahili SWAHILI Tamil ????? Turkish TÜRKÇE Ukrainian ?????????A Urdu ???? Uzbek O'ZBEK Vietnamese TI?NG VI?T Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Desktop Site Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Get Personalised Newsletters Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2018 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking. For a better experience on your device, try our mobile site. Accessibility links Skip to content Skip to local navigation Accessibility Help BBC navigation News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital Culture More… Search term: Weather Settings °C °F mph km/h Language English Gaeilge Gàidhlig Cymraeg Favourite Locations IN ASSOCIATION WITH Find a Forecast Search for a location Favourite Locations (—) You need javascript enabled to save favourites. World Summary Vancouver 3°C 37°F Mexico City 7°C 45°F Honolulu 22°C 72°F -4°C 25°F New York 22°C 72°F Buenos Aires Reykjavik 1°C 34°F London 5°C 41°F Cairo 12°C 54°F 25°C 77°F Cape Town -4°C 25°F Moscow 27°C 81°F Kuala Lumpur -2°C 28°F Tokyo 25°C 77°F Sydney Features & Analysis Weather for the week ahead Turning milder this weekend with cooler conditions returning next week but for how long? Darren Bett has the long range forecast. Extreme world temperatures While New Zealand is heading for its hottest month on record, parts of Japan are in the grip of the country's coldest spell for nearly 50 years. Forecast Video Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Last updated 22:41 GMT, Thursday 25 Jan In Pictures Related Links More UK Weather Coast & Sea Elsewhere Met Office World Meteorological Organization About BBC Weather BBC Weather Presenters Help & FAQs Feeds BBC links Mobile site Terms of Use About the BBC Advertise With Us Privacy Accessibility Help Ad Choices Cookies Contact the BBC Parental Guidance Copyright © 2018 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so. Accessibility links Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC Homepage Dozens killed in South Korean hospital fire At least 37 people are killed and 70 hurt in the deadliest fire in South Korea for a decade. Asia Dozens killed in South Korean hospital fire ODI series: Australia v England Cricket ODI series: Australia v England Trump 'tried to sack Russia inquiry chief' US Trump 'tried to sack Russia inquiry chief' 50 Cent forgot he had a stash of Bitcoin now worth $8m Business 50 Cent forgot he had a stash of Bitcoin now worth $8m Nutella 'riots' spread across France Europe Nutella 'riots' spread across France News Casey Affleck pulls out of 2018 Oscars The actor will not be presenting the Oscar for best actress due to past claims of sexual harassment. Entertainment & Arts Casey Affleck pulls out of 2018 Oscars BBC male presenters agree pay cut The stars have agreed to reduce their salaries after rows over equal pay at the corporation. UK BBC male presenters agree pay cut Can US border agents lawfully search you? A viral video shows border patrol agents questioning passengers aboard a Greyhound bus. Can they legally do this? US & Canada Can US border agents lawfully search you? Sport Latest transfer news and gossip Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho calls Alexis Sanchez the "juiciest orange", latest transfer news and gossip, plus FA Cup news conferences. Football Latest transfer news and gossip Australian Open semi-final: Federer wins first set in 34 minutes Live text and online radio commentary as Roger Federer leads Hyeon Chung in the semi-finals of the Australian Open. Tennis Australian Open semi-final: Federer wins first set in 34 minutes FA Cup fourth-round predictions - Lawro v Poet and Vuj BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson and Copa90 presenters Poet and Vuj predict the outcome of this weekend's fourth-round FA Cup ties. Football FA Cup fourth-round predictions - Lawro v Poet and Vuj London Weather Edit Fri 8°C 4°C Sat 10°C 8°C Sun 13°C 9°C Mon 12°C 4°C Editor’s Picks How to hallucinate with ping pong balls It takes your brain to another dimension Future How to hallucinate with ping pong balls Being a child in Nazi Germany A new book brings together the memories of the ‘Kriegskinder’ Culture Being a child in Nazi Germany The designers made by Instagram How the social media platform became a game-changer for interiors aficionados Designed The designers made by Instagram What’s the real point of PowerPoint? It’s used 30 million times a day – so how has it changed our working lives? Capital What’s the real point of PowerPoint? Georgia’s surprising ‘shrine’ to Stalin ‘You can’t deny he was very interesting’ Travel Georgia’s surprising ‘shrine’ to Stalin The Korean tennis star making history Chung Hyeon is the first South Korean to reach a tennis Grand Slam semi-final Asia The Korean tennis star making history The impressive art of Japanese snowfall Tokyo's been hit by heavy snow and people are getting creative Newsbeat The impressive art of Japanese snowfall Latest Business News 1 Carney calls for 'deeper' EU relationship 2 Goldman warns on irreversible Brexit plans 3 Business Live: What to expect from Trump 4 A brief history of the retail ruckus 5 Walmart in tie-up with Japan's Rakuten Connected Commerce Business How UK food firms crack the US How UK food firms crack the US ADVERTISEMENT Global education Business England and US will not take Pisa tests in tolerance England and US will not take Pisa tests in tolerance Featured video China's transgender TV star Jin Xing hosts Chinese Dating - a show where parents, controversially, decide who their sons can date Asia China's transgender TV star Recommended Most Watched Latest China's transgender TV star Asia China's transgender TV star Las Vegas survivor's amazing recovery US & Canada Las Vegas survivor's amazing recovery First monkeys cloned in Chinese lab Health First monkeys cloned in Chinese lab What it was like to face Larry Nassar US What it was like to face Larry Nassar Five ways women made a mark in Oscar... Entertainment Five ways women made a mark in Oscar nominations Boris Johnson struggles in interview UK Boris Johnson struggles in interview Ready for the total solar eclipse? US & Canada Ready for the total solar eclipse? Koalas 'face extinction' in parts of... Australia Koalas 'face extinction' in parts of Australia Video 'shows Mosul mosque's destruction' Middle East Video 'shows Mosul mosque's destruction' Indonesia's female 'devil wheel' riders Asia Indonesia's female 'devil wheel' riders One-minute World News Video One-minute World News Boris and the tale of the ancient mummy Europe Boris and the tale of the ancient mummy Wounded cut free from derailed Italy train Europe Wounded cut free from derailed Italy train Trump 'looking forward' to FBI interview US & Canada Trump 'looking forward' to FBI interview BBC World Service On Air: Newshour Extra More from around the BBC Museum 'offers Trump a solid gold toilet' The Guggenheim declines a White House request for a Van Gogh, instead offering an 18-karat lavatory US Museum 'offers Trump a solid gold toilet' Music News LIVE: 26 January Rolling coverage of the biggest music news from around the world. Entertainment Music News LIVE: 26 January Lyft investigates privacy abuse claim The claim includes that employees of the ride-sharing firm tracked famous users such as Mark... Technology Lyft investigates privacy abuse claim No safe level of smoking, study finds Smoking even one cigarette a day increases the risk of heart disease and stroke, a study finds. Health No safe level of smoking, study finds Coral reefs 'entangled with plastic' Plastic is one of the biggest risks to the future of coral reefs after ocean warming, say... Science & Environment Coral reefs 'entangled with plastic' 'I survived two concentration camps' What can we learn from a Holocaust survivor? 27 January is Holocaust Memorial Day. Stories 'I survived two concentration camps' Who'll sell for millions in IPL auction? India Premier League clubs will spend big bucks as some of the world's best cricketers go on offer. India Who'll sell for millions in IPL auction? From Our Correspondents Ariane rocket suffers rare anomaly By Jonathan Amos Top games 'depict unrealistic drugs use' By Dave Lee What will Brexit 2.0 mean for UK? By Laura Kuenssberg The 'secret memo' intriguing Washington By Anthony Zurcher Davos: Trump arrival looms over meeting By Kamal Ahmed What could China do in a US trade war? By Karishma Vaswani Job done for Boris Johnson? By Laura Kuenssberg Davos: The big worry under the mounds of snow By Kamal Ahmed Technology of Business Meet the 'backpack midwife' bringing healthcare for all Business Meet the 'backpack midwife' bringing healthcare for all The Boss The businessman exiled for being Jewish Business The businessman exiled for being Jewish World in pictures Lluniau: Cofio Glofa’r T?r // In Pictures: Tower Colliery Newyddion a mwy Lluniau: Cofio Glofa’r T?r // In Pictures: Tower Colliery Seine river bursts banks in Paris Europe Seine river bursts banks in Paris Week in pictures In Pictures Week in pictures London lit up by Lumiere festival London London lit up by Lumiere festival In pictures: Storm rips through Europe Europe In pictures: Storm rips through Europe BBC in other languages Russian "?????? ????": ??? ????? ???????? ??????????? ????????? Spanish De campesino a diseñar la política económica de China: quién es Liu He, uno de los consejeros más cercanos al presidente Xi Jinping Persian ????? ?? ???? ?????? ????? ???? ????????? ???????? ??? Portuguese Condenação de Lula inviabiliza discurso de Bolsonaro e pode monopolizar debate eleitoral de 2018, dizem cientistas políticos More Languages Arabic ???? Azeri AZ?RBAYCAN Bangla ????? Burmese ?????? Chinese ??? French AFRIQUE Hausa HAUSA Hindi ?????? Indonesian INDONESIA Japanese ??? Kinyarwanda GAHUZA Kirundi KIRUNDI Kyrgyz ?????? Marathi ????? Nepali ?????? Pashto ???? Persian ????? Portuguese BRASIL Russian ?? ??????? Sinhala ????? Somali SOMALI Spanish MUNDO Swahili SWAHILI Tamil ????? Turkish TÜRKÇE Ukrainian ?????????A Urdu ???? Uzbek O'ZBEK Vietnamese TI?NG VI?T Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Desktop Site Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Get Personalised Newsletters Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2018 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking. Homepage Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications Home News Sport Weather iPlayer TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food Bitesize Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBCSearch the BBC BBC News News NavigationSections HomeHome selected Video World UK Business Tech Science Stories Entertainment & Arts Health World News TV In Pictures Reality Check Newsbeat Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say More More sections HomeHome selected Video World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Politics Business Business Home Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Tech Science Stories Entertainment & Arts Health World News TV In Pictures Reality Check Newsbeat Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say BBC News Home BreakingBreaking news Close breaking news Latest Stories Most ReadSkip to most read Latest Stories Most Read Top Stories Dozens killed in South Korean hospital fire At least 37 people are killed and 70 hurt in the deadliest fire in South Korea for a decade. 4m4 minutes ago Asia Related content Video Firefighters tackle the blaze Trump 'tried to sack Russia inquiry chief' The president only backed down when his White House lawyer threatened to quit, US media report. 3h3 hours ago US & Canada Casey Affleck pulls out of 2018 Oscars The actor will not be presenting the Oscar for best actress due to past claims of sexual harassment. 1han hour ago Entertainment & Arts BBC male presenters agree pay cut The stars have agreed to reduce their salaries after rows over equal pay at the corporation. 21m21 minutes ago UK Video Video Can US border agents lawfully search you? A viral video shows border patrol agents questioning Greyhound bus passengers. Are they allowed to? 10h10 hours ago US & Canada Nutella 'riots' spread across France Police respond to violent scenes in French supermarkets as shoppers rush to grab cut-price Nutella. 12h12 hours ago Europe Trump 'ready to apologise' for far-right posts The US president says he knew nothing about the group Britain First before retweeting their videos. 13m13 minutes ago UK Ariane rocket suffers rare anomaly Europe's normally highly dependable rocket, the Ariane 5, loses contact as it flies skyward. 9h9 hours ago Science & Environment Soros takes aim at Facebook and Google The billionaire investor says the tech giants' monopolies are a threat to democracy. 12h12 hours ago Business Judge bans Lula from leaving Brazil The move comes a day after a court rejected the ex-leader's appeal against a corruption conviction. 7h7 hours ago Latin America & Caribbean Mysterious letter 'from Alcatraz escapee' "Yes we all made it that night, but barely!" says a letter from someone claiming to be John Anglin. 12h12 hours ago US & Canada Judge bans Lula from leaving Brazil The move comes a day after a court rejected the ex-leader's appeal against a corruption conviction. 7h7 hours ago Latin America & Caribbean Mysterious letter 'from Alcatraz escapee' "Yes we all made it that night, but barely!" says a letter from someone claiming to be John Anglin. 12h12 hours ago US & Canada Video Video Las Vegas survivor goes home after amazing recovery Jovanna Calzadillas was not expected to live after a bullet hit her brain. 13h13 hours ago US & Canada Trump plan to offer citizenship to 1.8m The blueprint, to be unveiled next Monday, seeks $25bn in funds for a wall on the Mexican border. 6h6 hours ago US & Canada Coral reefs 'entangled with plastic' Plastic is one of the biggest risks to the future of coral reefs after ocean warming, say scientists. 8h8 hours ago Science & Environment Davos 2018 Donald who? Davos shrugs off President Trump's visit Live Business Live: What to expect from TrumpLast updated 3 minutes ago Most recent posts 3 minutes ago McDonnell 'shocked' MPs attended Presidents Club dinner3mMcDonnell 'shocked' MPs attended Presidents Club dinner 9 minutes ago Aisle Be Back: a brief history of supermarket scrapes9mAisle Be Back: a brief history of supermarket scrapesLive Business Live: What to expect from Trump Last updated 3 minutes ago JP Morgan in new warning on UK job cuts Earn, and breathe: Meditating your way to profit Meet the woman on a mission to teach us about blockchain Must See 7 days quiz: What was this woman's serial offence? How to Watch BBC World News TV The latest global news, sport, weather and documentaries Audio Listen Live Audio BBC World Service Radio Stories from around the world Video Video 'I survived two concentration camps' Video Video China's transgender TV star Video Video A tour of Charles l's art collection Museum 'offers Trump a solid gold toilet' Video Video How to beatbox in three easy sounds Most watched 1 Video Can US border agents lawfully search you? 2 Video 'I nearly lost my life to chemsex' 3 Video 'I survived two concentration camps' 4 Video Jin Xing: China's transgender TV star 5 Video Las Vegas survivor's amazing recovery Full Story The puzzle of America's most optimistic people How Suu Kyi sees the Rohingya crisis The show must go on: Films that fought off bans The evolution of Australia Day controversy The other 'Dreamers' facing uncertain future Sri Lankan women take on 'body shaming' ad Can 'light nutrition' help us beat the January blues? Most read 1 Nutella 'riots' spread across France 2 BBC male presenters agree pay cut 3 Trump 'tried to sack Russia inquiry chief' 4 Casey Affleck pulls out of 2018 Oscars 5 Trump 'ready to apologise' for far-right posts 6 Dozens killed in South Korean hospital fire 7 50 Cent discovers his Bitcoin millions 8 Ariane rocket suffers rare anomaly 9 Mysterious letter 'from Alcatraz escapee' 10 Soros takes aim at Facebook and Google Around the BBC How to hallucinate with ping pong balls BBC Future What’s the real point of PowerPoint? BBC Capital Georgia’s surprising ‘shrine’ to Stalin BBC Travel Being a child in Nazi Germany BBC Culture The chameleon the size of an ant BBC Earth Why we believe in conspiracy theories BBC Future Crumbling mansions in the ‘City of Joy’ BBC Capital SportSee All Live Australia in control, chasing 197 to win Cricket Live Latest transfer news and gossip Football Live Australian Open semi-final: Federer wins first set in 34 minutes Tennis Classification claims heartbreaking - Hahn 3h3 hours ago Disability Sport FA Cup fourth-round predictions - Lawro v Poet and Vuj 12h12 hours ago Football Pick your best ever Scotland rugby team 3h3 hours ago Rugby Union Comments England candidates 'nervous' about media 14h14 hours ago Football Find us here News daily newsletter Get news from the BBC in your inbox each weekday morning Mobile app Find out more about our BBC News App Get in touch Email us at haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk Send an SMS or MMS to +44 7624 800100 Follow Have Your Say on Twitter Why you can trust BBC News News NavigationSections Sections HomeHome selected Video World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Politics Business Business Home Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Tech Science Stories Entertainment & Arts Health World News TV In Pictures Reality Check Newsbeat Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Explore the BBC Home News Sport Weather iPlayer TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food Bitesize Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Get Personalised NewslettersCopyright © 2018 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking. Accessibility links Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC Homepage Dozens killed in South Korean hospital fire At least 37 people are killed and 70 hurt in the deadliest fire in South Korea for a decade. Asia Dozens killed in South Korean hospital fire ODI series: Australia v England Cricket ODI series: Australia v England Trump 'tried to sack Russia inquiry chief' US Trump 'tried to sack Russia inquiry chief' 50 Cent forgot he had a stash of Bitcoin now worth $8m Business 50 Cent forgot he had a stash of Bitcoin now worth $8m Nutella 'riots' spread across France Europe Nutella 'riots' spread across France News Casey Affleck pulls out of 2018 Oscars The actor will not be presenting the Oscar for best actress due to past claims of sexual harassment. Entertainment & Arts Casey Affleck pulls out of 2018 Oscars BBC male presenters agree pay cut The stars have agreed to reduce their salaries after rows over equal pay at the corporation. UK BBC male presenters agree pay cut Can US border agents lawfully search you? A viral video shows border patrol agents questioning passengers aboard a Greyhound bus. Can they legally do this? US & Canada Can US border agents lawfully search you? Sport Latest transfer news and gossip Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho calls Alexis Sanchez the "juiciest orange", latest transfer news and gossip, plus FA Cup news conferences. Football Latest transfer news and gossip Australian Open semi-final: Federer wins first set in 34 minutes Live text and online radio commentary as Roger Federer leads Hyeon Chung in the semi-finals of the Australian Open. Tennis Australian Open semi-final: Federer wins first set in 34 minutes FA Cup fourth-round predictions - Lawro v Poet and Vuj BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson and Copa90 presenters Poet and Vuj predict the outcome of this weekend's fourth-round FA Cup ties. Football FA Cup fourth-round predictions - Lawro v Poet and Vuj London Weather Edit Fri 8°C 4°C Sat 10°C 8°C Sun 13°C 9°C Mon 12°C 4°C Editor’s Picks How to hallucinate with ping pong balls It takes your brain to another dimension Future How to hallucinate with ping pong balls Being a child in Nazi Germany A new book brings together the memories of the ‘Kriegskinder’ Culture Being a child in Nazi Germany The designers made by Instagram How the social media platform became a game-changer for interiors aficionados Designed The designers made by Instagram What’s the real point of PowerPoint? It’s used 30 million times a day – so how has it changed our working lives? Capital What’s the real point of PowerPoint? Georgia’s surprising ‘shrine’ to Stalin ‘You can’t deny he was very interesting’ Travel Georgia’s surprising ‘shrine’ to Stalin The Korean tennis star making history Chung Hyeon is the first South Korean to reach a tennis Grand Slam semi-final Asia The Korean tennis star making history The impressive art of Japanese snowfall Tokyo's been hit by heavy snow and people are getting creative Newsbeat The impressive art of Japanese snowfall Latest Business News 1 Carney calls for 'deeper' EU relationship 2 Goldman warns on irreversible Brexit plans 3 Business Live: What to expect from Trump 4 A brief history of the retail ruckus 5 Walmart in tie-up with Japan's Rakuten Connected Commerce Business How UK food firms crack the US How UK food firms crack the US ADVERTISEMENT Global education Business England and US will not take Pisa tests in tolerance England and US will not take Pisa tests in tolerance Featured video China's transgender TV star Jin Xing hosts Chinese Dating - a show where parents, controversially, decide who their sons can date Asia China's transgender TV star Recommended Most Watched Latest China's transgender TV star Asia China's transgender TV star Las Vegas survivor's amazing recovery US & Canada Las Vegas survivor's amazing recovery First monkeys cloned in Chinese lab Health First monkeys cloned in Chinese lab What it was like to face Larry Nassar US What it was like to face Larry Nassar Five ways women made a mark in Oscar... Entertainment Five ways women made a mark in Oscar nominations Boris Johnson struggles in interview UK Boris Johnson struggles in interview Ready for the total solar eclipse? US & Canada Ready for the total solar eclipse? Koalas 'face extinction' in parts of... Australia Koalas 'face extinction' in parts of Australia Video 'shows Mosul mosque's destruction' Middle East Video 'shows Mosul mosque's destruction' Indonesia's female 'devil wheel' riders Asia Indonesia's female 'devil wheel' riders One-minute World News Video One-minute World News Boris and the tale of the ancient mummy Europe Boris and the tale of the ancient mummy Wounded cut free from derailed Italy train Europe Wounded cut free from derailed Italy train Trump 'looking forward' to FBI interview US & Canada Trump 'looking forward' to FBI interview BBC World Service On Air: Newshour Extra More from around the BBC Museum 'offers Trump a solid gold toilet' The Guggenheim declines a White House request for a Van Gogh, instead offering an 18-karat lavatory US Museum 'offers Trump a solid gold toilet' Music News LIVE: 26 January Rolling coverage of the biggest music news from around the world. Entertainment Music News LIVE: 26 January Lyft investigates privacy abuse claim The claim includes that employees of the ride-sharing firm tracked famous users such as Mark... Technology Lyft investigates privacy abuse claim No safe level of smoking, study finds Smoking even one cigarette a day increases the risk of heart disease and stroke, a study finds. Health No safe level of smoking, study finds Coral reefs 'entangled with plastic' Plastic is one of the biggest risks to the future of coral reefs after ocean warming, say... Science & Environment Coral reefs 'entangled with plastic' 'I survived two concentration camps' What can we learn from a Holocaust survivor? 27 January is Holocaust Memorial Day. Stories 'I survived two concentration camps' Who'll sell for millions in IPL auction? India Premier League clubs will spend big bucks as some of the world's best cricketers go on offer. India Who'll sell for millions in IPL auction? From Our Correspondents Ariane rocket suffers rare anomaly By Jonathan Amos Top games 'depict unrealistic drugs use' By Dave Lee What will Brexit 2.0 mean for UK? By Laura Kuenssberg The 'secret memo' intriguing Washington By Anthony Zurcher Davos: Trump arrival looms over meeting By Kamal Ahmed What could China do in a US trade war? By Karishma Vaswani Job done for Boris Johnson? By Laura Kuenssberg Davos: The big worry under the mounds of snow By Kamal Ahmed Technology of Business Meet the 'backpack midwife' bringing healthcare for all Business Meet the 'backpack midwife' bringing healthcare for all The Boss The businessman exiled for being Jewish Business The businessman exiled for being Jewish World in pictures Lluniau: Cofio Glofa’r T?r // In Pictures: Tower Colliery Newyddion a mwy Lluniau: Cofio Glofa’r T?r // In Pictures: Tower Colliery Seine river bursts banks in Paris Europe Seine river bursts banks in Paris Week in pictures In Pictures Week in pictures London lit up by Lumiere festival London London lit up by Lumiere festival In pictures: Storm rips through Europe Europe In pictures: Storm rips through Europe BBC in other languages Russian "?????? ????": ??? ????? ???????? ??????????? ????????? Spanish De campesino a diseñar la política económica de China: quién es Liu He, uno de los consejeros más cercanos al presidente Xi Jinping Persian ????? ?? ???? ?????? ????? ???? ????????? ???????? ??? Portuguese Condenação de Lula inviabiliza discurso de Bolsonaro e pode monopolizar debate eleitoral de 2018, dizem cientistas políticos More Languages Arabic ???? Azeri AZ?RBAYCAN Bangla ????? Burmese ?????? Chinese ??? French AFRIQUE Hausa HAUSA Hindi ?????? Indonesian INDONESIA Japanese ??? Kinyarwanda GAHUZA Kirundi KIRUNDI Kyrgyz ?????? Marathi ????? Nepali ?????? Pashto ???? Persian ????? Portuguese BRASIL Russian ?? ??????? Sinhala ????? Somali SOMALI Spanish MUNDO Swahili SWAHILI Tamil ????? Turkish TÜRKÇE Ukrainian ?????????A Urdu ???? Uzbek O'ZBEK Vietnamese TI?NG VI?T Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Desktop Site Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Get Personalised Newsletters Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2018 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking. Homepage Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications Home News Sport Weather iPlayer TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food Bitesize Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBCSearch the BBC BBC Homepage Welcome to the BBC Friday, 26 January Customise your Homepage Australia in control, chasing 197 to win. Live now.From Cricket Four male BBC presenters agree to pay cutFrom UK Nutella 'riots' spread across FranceFrom Europe Morning brief May meets Trump and Brexit 'discord'From The Papers Neymar eyeing 'dream move' to Spanish giantsFrom Gossip In a hurry? Here's what you need to know this morningFrom News Daily News headlines In a hurry? Here's what you need to know this morningFrom UK Trump 'ready to apologise' for far-right postsFrom UK BBC male presenters agree pay cutFrom UK Sport headlines Australia in control, chasing 197 to win. Live now.From Cricket Latest transfer news and gossip. Live now.From Football Australian Open semi-final: Federer wins first set in 34 minutes. Live now.From Tennis 3 things we love today Six outlandish facts about the North Korean music sceneFrom BBC Music Why this naughty dog is an internet sensationFrom Newsround Japan's amazing snow sculptures will blow your mindFrom Newsbeat Real-life stories From life-changing car crash to taking on Man UtdFrom Football The man who's become an unlikely social media starFrom India 'The five-star review that changed my life'From Stories The BBC around the UK Scotland ALBA Wales Cymru NI Entertainment news Casey Affleck pulls out of 2018 OscarsFrom Entertainment & Arts Mo'Nique takes on Amy Schumer over Netflix payFrom Newsbeat 50 Cent forgot he had a stash of Bitcoin now worth $8mFrom Business Talked about TV Surprising TV shows you may not know Meryl Streep was inFrom Entertainment & Arts Watch video The secrets of filming these elusive big catsFrom BBC One Watch video Brendan Cole sheds light on Strictly romancesFrom BBC Radio 5 live Best of BBC iPlayer TV Watch on iPlayer60 mins McMafia Series 1: Episode 1 After a tragic event, Alex Godman is drawn into the murky world of global crime.BBC One Watch on iPlayer Stacey Dooley Investigates Second Chance Sex Offenders In Florida sex offenders are punished forever. Do they ever deserve a second chance?BBC Three Watch on iPlayer59 mins Big Cats Series 1: Episode 3 A new age of discovery is revolutionising the ways in which cats are viewed and studied.BBC One Watch on iPlayer58 mins Death in Paradise Series 7: Episode 4 A mysterious poisoning at a faith healing ceremony challenges Jack and the team.BBC One Watch on iPlayer30 mins The Mash Report Series 1 (Winter): Episode 2 Nish Kumar and hilarious correspondents deliver a surreal take on the week's news.BBC Two Watch on iPlayer60 mins Rhod Gilbert: Stand Up to Shyness 24/01/2018 Rhod Gilbert confronts his painful shyness, looking at what can be done about it.BBC One Wales Loading... Lifestyle Lasagne hacks: Four easy and healthy dishes to tryFrom BBC Food McVitie's to cut size of Digestives biscuit packetsFrom BBC Three Savers fall victim to 'truffle trees' and other pension scamsFrom Business BBC Ideas Short films for curious minds Watch video A quick tip for how to cope with worriesFrom BBC Ideas Watch video What does this backwards 'P' symbol mean?From BBC Ideas Watch video Can you build a relationship with a robot?From BBC Ideas Society Should men-only business events be a thing of the past?From UK Rough sleeping rises for seventh year in a rowFrom England Free water in England to tackle plastic wasteFrom England Help us make the BBC Homepage better Opt in to try it now, or find out more about Beta Try it now Behind the headlines Doomsday Clock moved to two minutes to 'apocalypse'From World The 'secret memo' intriguing WashingtonFrom US & Canada The 156 women who confronted a sexual predatorFrom US & Canada This week in sport 169 Russians to compete as neutral athletesFrom Winter Olympics Referee Clattenburg stops play for call to prayerFrom Football Golfer sorry for throwing putter cover at caddieFrom Golf How, what and why How a rumour led to a hip-hop crackdown in ChinaFrom Asia What's the best way to escape from a lion or cheetah?From Science & Environment What makes the Ring of Fire the Earth's hot spot?From Asia Arts, books and film Gorillaz artist Jamie Hewlett's top cultural picksFrom BBC Radio 4 Why this Bollywood epic is so controversialFrom Asia Writersroom is back: Find out how to get involvedFrom BBC Writersroom Faith and ethics EU bans 'gay tests' for asylum seekersFrom Europe Far-right German activist becomes MuslimFrom Europe Pope says serpent temptation in Bible 'first fake news'From Europe Food Try beef and red wine for a French-style winter warmerFrom BBC Food Delicious dinners you can prepare in less than 30 minutesFrom BBC Food 10 veggie family favouritesFrom BBC Food This week in music The life of The Fall singer Mark E SmithFrom Entertainment & Arts Listen to audio Five artists rumoured to release new albums in 2018From BBC Radio 1Xtra What Britney needs to know about ScarboroughFrom Newsbeat Quizzes and teasers The news quiz: What was this woman's serial offence?From Stories Burns Night: A wee Scottish soup quizFrom CBBC The ultimate Heath Ledger movie quizFrom BBC Three You might have missed Grumpy Cat wins $710,000 payout in lawsuitFrom US & Canada Greenpeace make actor amazing offer after Twitter pleaFrom Newsround 'How I ended up sleeping rough by the coast'From Stories Best of BBC Radio Listen on iPlayer Radio28 mins The Film Programme 25/01/2018: Julie Delpy, Florence Pugh Julie Delpy, Florence Pugh.BBC Radio 4 Listen on iPlayer Radio30 mins Art for the Millions Series 1: 13/11/2017 Artists Gotta Eat During the Great Depression, the US government turned to the arts for national uplift.BBC Radio 4 Listen on iPlayer Radio150 mins Radio 3 in Concert 25/01/2018: The Academy of St Martin in the Fie... The Academy of St Martin in the Fields plays Vivaldi and Beethoven.BBC Radio 3 Listen on iPlayer Radio57 mins Bob Harris Country 25/01/2018: A look at the Celtic Connections fe... A look at the Celtic Connections festival.BBC Radio 2 Listen on iPlayer Radio60 mins CP Snow - Strangers and Brothers Episode 8: The Affair Back in Cambridge, a scandal threatens the reputation of Lewis Eliot's old college.BBC Radio 4 Extra Listen on iPlayer Radio45 mins Drama 25/01/2018: Freezing to Death (and How to Avoid... Drama by Abigail Youngman based on the true story of possibly the worst wedding night everBBC Radio 4 Loading... The BBC around the UK Scotland ALBA Wales Cymru NI Other services Complaints Explore the BBC Home News Sport Weather iPlayer TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food Bitesize Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Get Personalised NewslettersCopyright © 2018 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking. British Broadcasting CorporationHome Accessibility links Skip to content Skip to local navigation Skip to bbc.co.uk navigation Skip to bbc.co.uk search Accessibility Help This page has been archived and is no longer updated. Find out more about page archiving. My Web My Way - Making the web easier to use Local Navigation My web home How to guides Disability on BBC Online Best practice FAQ / Contact You are on: My web my way home Share this page View sitemap How to guides Choose a topic you would like help with I can't see very well I am blind I can't hear very well I find words difficult I find a keyboard or mouse hard to use Browse all guides Best practice Resources for making the web a more accessible place What is accessibility? Case studies About My web my way BBC accessibility policy Useful web links Standards and guidelines Contact us What is My web my way? This site provides accessibility help, enabling computer users to make the most of the internet whatever their ability or disability. Read more about My web my way Comment on My web my way's new look BBC accessibility news News Connected Studio Read more news updates Disability on BBC Online The best of BBC Online for users with disabilities Ouch! The online disability magazine You and Yours Games for switch devices BBC Online access services BBC iD BBC iD Settings Sign out Search term: BBC navigation News Sport Weather iPlayer TV Radio More… CBBC CBeebies Comedy Food History Learning Music Science Earth Local Northern Ireland Scotland Wales Full A-Z of BBC sites BBC links Mobile site Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Accessibility Help Cookies Contact the BBC Parental Guidance BBC © 2014 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so. Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBCSPORT All Sport All Sport Winter Olympics Home Football Formula 1 Cricket Rugby U Tennis Golf Athletics Cycling BBC Sport Home Football Formula 1 Cricket Rugby Union Tennis Golf Athletics Cycling Winter Olympics A-Z Sports American Football Athletics Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Darts Disability Sport Football Formula 1 Gaelic Games Golf Gymnastics Horse Racing Motorsport Olympic Sports Rugby League Rugby Union Snooker Swimming Tennis Winter Sports Full Sports A-Z Events Euro 2016 Rio 2016 Around the UK England Scotland Wales Northern Ireland World Sport European Football Champions League African Football BBC Sport Top Stories Australia v England Live coverage as England attempt to go 4-0 up in their one-day series against Australia. Live From the section Cricket Read more on Australia v England Latest transfer news and gossip Live From the section Football Read more on Latest transfer news and gossip Australian Open semi-final: Federer wins first set in 34 minutes Live From the section Tennis Read more on Australian Open semi-final: Federer wins first set in 34 minutes FA Cup fourth-round predictions - Lawro takes on YouTube's Poet and Vuj 25 Jan From the section Football Read more on FA Cup fourth-round predictions - Lawro takes on YouTube's Poet and Vuj Woods shoots level-par round at Farmers 26 Jan From the section Golf Read more on Woods shoots level-par round at Farmers Who would make your best ever Scotland rugby team? 26 Jan From the section Rugby Union Read more on Who would make your best ever Scotland rugby team? Classification claims heartbreaking - Hahn 26 Jan From the section Disability Sport Read more on Classification claims heartbreaking - Hahn Mourinho does not want to 'add fuel to fire' about Ronaldo 25 Jan From the section Football Read more on Mourinho does not want to 'add fuel to fire' about Ronaldo Mourinho signs new Man Utd contract 25 Jan From the section Football Read more on Mourinho signs new Man Utd contract Grand Slam winner? Top 10? What's next for Kyle Edmund? 25 Jan From the section Tennis Read more on Grand Slam winner? Top 10? What's next for Kyle Edmund? 169 Russians set to be neutral athletes at Winter Olympics 25 Jan From the section Winter Olympics Read more on 169 Russians set to be neutral athletes at Winter Olympics Rivals to replace absent Webb 'must deliver' for Wales, warns Phillips 26 Jan From the section Rugby Union Read more on Rivals to replace absent Webb 'must deliver' for Wales, warns Phillips Coutinho makes debut as Barca reach semi-final 25 Jan From the section European Football Read more on Coutinho makes debut as Barca reach semi-final BBC MMA Show picks seven fighters to watch in 2018 25 Jan Read more on BBC MMA Show picks seven fighters to watch in 2018 Candidates for England women manager's job 'nervous' about media 25 Jan From the section Football Read more on Candidates for England women manager's job 'nervous' about media How Man Utd plucked a 'juicy orange' in Sanchez 25 Jan From the section Football Read more on How Man Utd plucked a 'juicy orange' in Sanchez Amateur Tanfield eyes Wiggins' hour record 25 Jan From the section Cycling Read more on Amateur Tanfield eyes Wiggins' hour record Southampton sign £19m striker Carrillo from Monaco 25 Jan From the section Football Read more on Southampton sign £19m striker Carrillo from Monaco Show more Football Scores Filter by section. Currently selected: FA CupMore FA Cup EFL Cup Scottish Prem League One League Two Premier League Championship Scottish Champ Scottish League One Scottish League Two Champions League Europa League Scottish Cup Scottish League Cup Women's World Cup Q Women's Super Lge 1 Women's Champs Lge FA Cup EFL Cup Scottish Prem League One League Two Premier League Championship Scottish Champ Scottish League One Scottish League Two Champions League Europa League Scottish Cup Scottish League Cup Women's World Cup Q Women's Super Lge 1 Women's Champs Lge View all leagues & cups Close Filter Menu Friday 26th January 2018 Sheff WedSheffield Wednesday19:45ReadingReading YeovilYeovil Town19:55Man UtdManchester United View all FA Cup scores GOSSIP: The latest football rumours Read more on GOSSIP: The latest football rumours Today's Formula 1 gossip column Read more on Today's Formula 1 gossip column Premier League Predictor Read more on Premier League Predictor Scores, Results & Fixtures Tennis Australian Open: 15-28 Jan Scores & schedule Results BBC coverage Cricket Australia v England - 4th ODI scorecard SA v India - 3rd Test scorecard Big Bash League Under-19 World Cup Football Scores & fixtures Tables American football Results Fixtures Tables Horse racing Results Calendar Your essential sports diary 2018 calendar Disability sport Audio & Video I was very angry and upset - Hahn British Paralympic gold medallist Sophie Hahn says she was "very angry and upset" about claims she was competing in the wrong classification. Read more on I was very angry and upset - Hahn Wenger's a special manager but he's made a mistake - Pochettino Read more on Wenger's a special manager but he's made a mistake - Pochettino FA head of women's football backs Neville Read more on FA head of women's football backs Neville That time Mark E Smith read the classified football results... Read more on That time Mark E Smith read the classified football results... 'It was life or death' - Yeovil boss on horrific crash Read more on 'It was life or death' - Yeovil boss on horrific crash Blake recalls Cardiff's famous FA Cup win over Man City Read more on Blake recalls Cardiff's famous FA Cup win over Man City Southgate and Giggs react to Neville's new England job Read more on Southgate and Giggs react to Neville's new England job 'Politics will not harm USA World Cup bid' Read more on 'Politics will not harm USA World Cup bid' Was this cricket's greatest catch? Read more on Was this cricket's greatest catch? Show more Features F1's relationship with TV is rapidly evolving - so what does the future hold? F1 is moving away from free-to-air television in Italy - BBC Sport looks at what this might mean for the future of the sport on TV. From the section Formula 1 Read more on F1's relationship with TV is rapidly evolving - so what does the future hold? 'I'm fortunate to be alive' - the Yeovil boss aiming to shock Man Utd After a serious car crash ended his playing career, Yeovil Town boss Darren Way has his sights on knocking Manchester United out of the FA Cup. From the section Football Read more on 'I'm fortunate to be alive' - the Yeovil boss aiming to shock Man Utd Nasser sex abuse scandal - the 156 women who confronted a predator Ex-Olympic doctor Larry Nassar has received a 175-year sentence for abuse. This is his victims' story. From the section BBC News Read more on Nasser sex abuse scandal - the 156 women who confronted a predator 'He wouldn't have money to buy snacks' - the story of Lungi Ngidi Humble beginnings to Test stardom - the remarkable story of South Africa's new fast bowling star Lungi Ngidi. Read more on 'He wouldn't have money to buy snacks' - the story of Lungi Ngidi BeSpoke Weekly: Women's cycling in 2018 and rise of the amateurs BBC Radio 5 live looks at the state of women's cycling, and speaks to the Tanfield brothers who are on a budget of £15,000 taking on the might of British Cycling. Read more on BeSpoke Weekly: Women's cycling in 2018 and rise of the amateurs FA Cup final meets the darts - why night slalom should be on your bucket list The floodlights, the fans and furious racing make Schladming a great sporting spectacle that still manages to be one of Europe's best kept secrets. From the section Winter Sports Read more on FA Cup final meets the darts - why night slalom should be on your bucket list The BBC MMA Show: The new breed & 13 years of The Ultimate Fighter BBC Radio 5 live looks back at UFC 220, pick the fighters to watch in 2018 and choose their favourite moments from the first series of The Ultimate Fighter. Read more on The BBC MMA Show: The new breed & 13 years of The Ultimate Fighter Malta at a major finals? The minnow master with big plans From fleeing the Zimbabwean army to an armed escort in Bangladesh - at just 44 Tom Saintfiet has had a fascinating career, and is now dreaming big at Malta. From the section Football Read more on Malta at a major finals? The minnow master with big plans More from BBC Sport FA Cup fourth-round predictions - Lawro v Poet and Vuj Football Read more on FA Cup fourth-round predictions - Lawro v Poet and Vuj Force India & Sauber withdraw complaint about 'unfair' F1 Formula 1 Read more on Force India & Sauber withdraw complaint about 'unfair' F1 Ireland name Shannon in World Cup Qualifier squad Cricket Read more on Ireland name Shannon in World Cup Qualifier squad Who would make your best ever Scotland rugby team? Rugby Union Read more on Who would make your best ever Scotland rugby team? Watch the Challenge Cup on the BBC Rugby League Read more on Watch the Challenge Cup on the BBC Grand Slam winner? Top 10? What's next for Kyle Edmund? Tennis Read more on Grand Slam winner? Top 10? What's next for Kyle Edmund? Woods shoots level-par round at Farmers Golf Read more on Woods shoots level-par round at Farmers Keitany eyes Radcliffe world record in London Athletics Read more on Keitany eyes Radcliffe world record in London Back to top News Feeds Help & FAQs Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Get Personalised Newsletters Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2018 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking. Sign in Email or username Password Sign in Need help signing in? Don’t have a BBC account?Register now Find out more about BBC accounts Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBCCopyright © 2016 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking. Homepage Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications Home News Sport Weather iPlayer TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food Bitesize Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Local Tomorrow's World Menu Search Search the BBCSearch the BBC BBC News News NavigationSections HomeHome selected Video World UK Business Tech Science Stories Entertainment & Arts Health World News TV In Pictures Reality Check Newsbeat Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say More More sections HomeHome selected Video World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Politics Business Business Home Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Tech Science Stories Entertainment & Arts Health World News TV In Pictures Reality Check Newsbeat Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say BBC News Home BreakingBreaking news Close breaking news Latest Stories Most ReadSkip to most read Latest Stories Most Read Top Stories Dozens killed in South Korean hospital fire At least 37 people are killed and 70 hurt in the deadliest fire in South Korea for a decade. 4m4 minutes ago Asia Related content Video Firefighters tackle the blaze Trump 'tried to sack Russia inquiry chief' The president only backed down when his White House lawyer threatened to quit, US media report. 3h3 hours ago US & Canada Casey Affleck pulls out of 2018 Oscars The actor will not be presenting the Oscar for best actress due to past claims of sexual harassment. 1han hour ago Entertainment & Arts BBC male presenters agree pay cut The stars have agreed to reduce their salaries after rows over equal pay at the corporation. 21m21 minutes ago UK Video Video Can US border agents lawfully search you? A viral video shows border patrol agents questioning Greyhound bus passengers. Are they allowed to? 10h10 hours ago US & Canada Nutella 'riots' spread across France Police respond to violent scenes in French supermarkets as shoppers rush to grab cut-price Nutella. 12h12 hours ago Europe Trump 'ready to apologise' for far-right posts The US president says he knew nothing about the group Britain First before retweeting their videos. 13m13 minutes ago UK Ariane rocket suffers rare anomaly Europe's normally highly dependable rocket, the Ariane 5, loses contact as it flies skyward. 9h9 hours ago Science & Environment Soros takes aim at Facebook and Google The billionaire investor says the tech giants' monopolies are a threat to democracy. 12h12 hours ago Business Judge bans Lula from leaving Brazil The move comes a day after a court rejected the ex-leader's appeal against a corruption conviction. 7h7 hours ago Latin America & Caribbean Mysterious letter 'from Alcatraz escapee' "Yes we all made it that night, but barely!" says a letter from someone claiming to be John Anglin. 12h12 hours ago US & Canada Judge bans Lula from leaving Brazil The move comes a day after a court rejected the ex-leader's appeal against a corruption conviction. 7h7 hours ago Latin America & Caribbean Mysterious letter 'from Alcatraz escapee' "Yes we all made it that night, but barely!" says a letter from someone claiming to be John Anglin. 12h12 hours ago US & Canada Video Video Las Vegas survivor goes home after amazing recovery Jovanna Calzadillas was not expected to live after a bullet hit her brain. 13h13 hours ago US & Canada Trump plan to offer citizenship to 1.8m The blueprint, to be unveiled next Monday, seeks $25bn in funds for a wall on the Mexican border. 6h6 hours ago US & Canada Coral reefs 'entangled with plastic' Plastic is one of the biggest risks to the future of coral reefs after ocean warming, say scientists. 8h8 hours ago Science & Environment Davos 2018 Donald who? Davos shrugs off President Trump's visit Live Business Live: What to expect from TrumpLast updated 3 minutes ago Most recent posts 3 minutes ago McDonnell 'shocked' MPs attended Presidents Club dinner3mMcDonnell 'shocked' MPs attended Presidents Club dinner 9 minutes ago Aisle Be Back: a brief history of supermarket scrapes9mAisle Be Back: a brief history of supermarket scrapesLive Business Live: What to expect from Trump Last updated 3 minutes ago JP Morgan in new warning on UK job cuts Earn, and breathe: Meditating your way to profit Meet the woman on a mission to teach us about blockchain Must See 7 days quiz: What was this woman's serial offence? How to Watch BBC World News TV The latest global news, sport, weather and documentaries Audio Listen Live Audio BBC World Service Radio Stories from around the world Video Video 'I survived two concentration camps' Video Video China's transgender TV star Video Video A tour of Charles l's art collection Museum 'offers Trump a solid gold toilet' Video Video How to beatbox in three easy sounds Most watched 1 Video Can US border agents lawfully search you? 2 Video 'I nearly lost my life to chemsex' 3 Video 'I survived two concentration camps' 4 Video Jin Xing: China's transgender TV star 5 Video Las Vegas survivor's amazing recovery Full Story The puzzle of America's most optimistic people How Suu Kyi sees the Rohingya crisis The show must go on: Films that fought off bans The evolution of Australia Day controversy The other 'Dreamers' facing uncertain future Sri Lankan women take on 'body shaming' ad Can 'light nutrition' help us beat the January blues? Most read 1 Nutella 'riots' spread across France 2 BBC male presenters agree pay cut 3 Trump 'tried to sack Russia inquiry chief' 4 Casey Affleck pulls out of 2018 Oscars 5 Trump 'ready to apologise' for far-right posts 6 Dozens killed in South Korean hospital fire 7 50 Cent discovers his Bitcoin millions 8 Ariane rocket suffers rare anomaly 9 Mysterious letter 'from Alcatraz escapee' 10 Soros takes aim at Facebook and Google Around the BBC How to hallucinate with ping pong balls BBC Future What’s the real point of PowerPoint? BBC Capital Georgia’s surprising ‘shrine’ to Stalin BBC Travel Being a child in Nazi Germany BBC Culture The chameleon the size of an ant BBC Earth Why we believe in conspiracy theories BBC Future Crumbling mansions in the ‘City of Joy’ BBC Capital SportSee All Live Australia in control, chasing 197 to win Cricket Live Latest transfer news and gossip Football Live Australian Open semi-final: Federer wins first set in 34 minutes Tennis Classification claims heartbreaking - Hahn 3h3 hours ago Disability Sport FA Cup fourth-round predictions - Lawro v Poet and Vuj 12h12 hours ago Football Pick your best ever Scotland rugby team 3h3 hours ago Rugby Union Comments England candidates 'nervous' about media 14h14 hours ago Football Find us here News daily newsletter Get news from the BBC in your inbox each weekday morning Mobile app Find out more about our BBC News App Get in touch Email us at haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk Send an SMS or MMS to +44 7624 800100 Follow Have Your Say on Twitter Why you can trust BBC News News NavigationSections Sections HomeHome selected Video World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Politics Business Business Home Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Tech Science Stories Entertainment & Arts Health World News TV In Pictures Reality Check Newsbeat Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Explore the BBC Home News Sport Weather iPlayer TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food Bitesize Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Local Tomorrow's World Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Get Personalised NewslettersCopyright © 2018 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking. 