Environment Technology Space Health and Medicine The Brain Plants and Animals Physics Chemistry Policy Editor's Blog Health and Medicine Share Health and Medicine Chinese biologists successfully cloned two long-tailed macaque monkeys.... 24 Jan 2018 11.2K Shares These Baby Macaques Are The World's First Primate Clones Share Health and Medicine A new study published in Depression and Anxiety suggests that 90 percent of people who suffer from a... 24 Jan 2018 12 Shares 90 Percent Of People With Anxiety Don’t Receive Proper Treatment Share Health and Medicine Researchers observed that children born before a nearby coal power plant was shut down had shorter t... 24 Jan 2018 7 Shares Exposure To Air Pollution Before Birth Could Be Affecting The DNA Of Newborn Babies Share Health and Medicine A pilot study finds evidence to show that taking psilocybin (the psychedelic component of magic mush... 24 Jan 2018 12 Shares New Evidence Suggests Magic Mushrooms Can Make You Feel Closer To Nature And Less Authoritarian Share Health and Medicine There are 42 million protein molecules in a typical yeast cell - and counting them was no small task... 24 Jan 2018 4 Shares Scientists Illuminate Life's Workings By Calculating The Number Of Protein Molecules In A Single Cell Share Health and Medicine Nearly one-third of alcohol sold in England is drunk by 4 percent of the population.... 24 Jan 2018 5 Shares Close To One-Third Of Alcohol Sold In England Is Consumed By 4 Percent Of The Population Share Health and Medicine Social spending is more effective than health spending at reducing avoidable mortality and increasin... 23 Jan 2018 10 Shares Small Increases In Social Spending Can Make A Big Difference To Overall Population Health Share Health and Medicine It might have been the US who developed CRISPR-Cas9, but it’s China who’s now leading the way with t... 23 Jan 2018 5.6K Shares China Is Way Ahead When It Comes To CRISPR Gene Editing Share Health and Medicine A mystery illness that causes polio-like systems has been spreading across the US and around the wor... 23 Jan 2018 36 Shares Scientists Discover Cause Of Mystery Illness That's Been Paralyzing Children Across The US Share Health and Medicine Triclosan, a once-ubiquitous antimicrobial agent that is now embroiled in controversy, may be effect... 23 Jan 2018 5 Shares "Robot Scientist" Discovers That An Infamous Soap Ingredient Could Treat Drug-Resistant Malaria Share Health and Medicine A study has found a correlation between spanking and developmental delays in children, particularly ... 23 Jan 2018 27.7K Shares Study Finds Spanked Children Are More Likely To Have Developmental Delays Share Health and Medicine Last week, an anonymous man became the first person in medical history to receive a second face tran... 22 Jan 2018 21 Shares Man Becomes The First Patient To Receive A Second Face Transplant Share Health and Medicine New research suggests that chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE) – the degenerative brain disease a... 21 Jan 2018 16 Shares Repeated Hits, Not Just Concussions, Lead To Neurological Disease Made Famous By Football Players Share Health and Medicine Sit back and relax as we take a look at some of your biggest health questions of the past year. Don’... 21 Jan 2018 8 Shares These Are The Ten Top Googled Health Questions Share Health and Medicine ... 21 Jan 2018 18 Shares You Can Stay Alert Without Drinking Caffeine - Try These Science-Based Tricks The Next Time You Feel Tired Share Health and Medicine ... 21 Jan 2018 5 Shares People Are Stockpiling Special Pills To Guard Against Radioactive Fallout - But Here's What You Actually Need ... Share Health and Medicine ... 21 Jan 2018 4.6K Shares What Supplements Do Scientists Use, And Why? Share Health and Medicine A California man removed a tapeworm from his rectum and presented it to the staff of a local emergen... 19 Jan 2018 19.4K Shares Man’s Ginormous Self-Removed Tapeworm Linked To Sushi Addiction Share Health and Medicine Researchers image molecular machinery in the act of unzipping and transcribing DNA in unprecedented ... 19 Jan 2018 22.9K Shares Scientists Image DNA Being Read In Unprecedented Detail Share Health and Medicine A screening test for eight different sorts of cancer has produced better results for some than other... 19 Jan 2018 3.1K Shares Incredible New Test Could Provide Early Detection Of Eight Cancers Load More Stories Popular Stories Week in Science The IFLScience Newsletter Sign up today to get weekly science coverage direct to your inbox Navigation Home Team Careers IFLScience Store Contact Submit News Contact Advertising Advertise Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy This website uses cookies This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By continuing to use our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. Skip to content By using Twitter’s services you agree to our Cookie Use and Data Transfer outside the EU. We and our partners operate globally and use cookies, including for analytics, personalisation, and ads. Close Home Home Home, current page. About Search query Search Twitter Saved searches Remove In this conversation Verified accountProtected Tweets @ Suggested users Verified accountProtected Tweets @ Verified accountProtected Tweets @ Language: English Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Melayu Català Čeština Dansk Deutsch English UK Español Filipino Français Hrvatski Italiano Magyar Nederlands Norsk Polski Português Română Slovenčina Suomi Svenska Tiếng Việt Türkçe Ελληνικά Български език Русский Српски Українська мова עִבְרִית العربية فارسی मराठी हिन्दी বাংলা ગુજરાતી தமிழ் ಕನ್ನಡ ภาษาไทย 한국어 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Have an account? Log in Have an account? Remember me · Forgot password? New to Twitter? Sign up IFLScienceVerified account @IFLScience Tweets Tweets, current page. 12.6K Following Following 337 Followers Followers 204K Likes Likes 469 More Likes Unmute @IFLScience Mute @IFLScience Follow Follow @IFLScience Following Following @IFLScience Unfollow Unfollow @IFLScience Blocked Blocked @IFLScience Unblock Unblock @IFLScience Pending Pending follow request from @IFLScience Cancel Cancel your follow request to @IFLScience IFLScienceVerified account @IFLScience The lighter side of science. facebook.com/IFeakingLoveSc… Joined September 2012 3,247 Photos and videos Photos and videos Tweets Tweets Tweets, current page. Tweets & replies Media You blocked @IFLScience Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @IFLScience Yes, view profile Close IFLScience followed IFLScience‏Verified account @IFLScience 4h4 hours ago More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet This Mummified Corpse Is The Ancestor Of A Famous Politician. People Think The Resemblance Is Uncanny. http://www.iflscience.com/plants-and-animals/this-mummified-corpse-is-the-ancestor-of-a-famous-politician-people-think-the-resemblance-is-uncanny/ …pic.twitter.com/m3jDtbolNq 0 replies 6 retweets 11 likes Reply Retweet 6 Retweeted 6 Like 11 Liked 11 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo IFLScience‏Verified account @IFLScience Jan 24 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet Researchers Find Alarming And Completely Predictable Consequence Of Abstinence-Only Sex Education http://www.iflscience.com/health-and-medicine/teenagers-taught-to-abstain-from-sex-are-less-likely-to-use-condoms/ …pic.twitter.com/stUoyuujiu 2 replies 23 retweets 36 likes Reply 2 Retweet 23 Retweeted 23 Like 36 Liked 36 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo IFLScience‏Verified account @IFLScience Jan 24 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet IFLScience Retweeted IFLScience This is like looking into my own future.https://twitter.com/IFLScience/status/956215079149756416 … IFLScience added, IFLScienceVerified account @IFLScience This dolphin's death is a dark but slightly hilarious warning to us all http://www.iflscience.com/plants-and-animals/dolphin-suffocates-after-swallowing-octopus-without-chewing/?utm_source=Editorial&utm_medium=Static&utm_campaign=AK … pic.twitter.com/qiUqKho8LU 0 replies 1 retweet 3 likes Reply Retweet 1 Retweeted 1 Like 3 Liked 3 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo IFLScience‏Verified account @IFLScience Jan 24 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet This dolphin's death is a dark but slightly hilarious warning to us all http://www.iflscience.com/plants-and-animals/dolphin-suffocates-after-swallowing-octopus-without-chewing/?utm_source=Editorial&utm_medium=Static&utm_campaign=AK …pic.twitter.com/qiUqKho8LU 1 reply 4 retweets 12 likes Reply 1 Retweet 4 Retweeted 4 Like 12 Liked 12 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo IFLScience‏Verified account @IFLScience Jan 24 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet Scientists study centipede venom by making this little guy fight a mouse.http://www.iflscience.com/plants-and-animals/centipedes-can-tackle-prey-15-times-their-size-due-to-their-unusually-potent-venom/?utm_source=Editorial&utm_medium=Static&utm_campaign=JD … 2 replies 1 retweet 7 likes Reply 2 Retweet 1 Retweeted 1 Like 7 Liked 7 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo IFLScience‏Verified account @IFLScience Jan 24 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet “Whenever Trump wanted, he would command “Beef and a chief!” in his bathrobe, and his staff would have to get him a little bit of meat.”http://www.iflscience.com/technology/this-is-what-happens-when-an-ai-bot-attempts-to-rewrite-fire-and-fury/ … 1 reply 5 retweets 13 likes Reply 1 Retweet 5 Retweeted 5 Like 13 Liked 13 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo IFLScience‏Verified account @IFLScience Jan 24 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet There's Been A Sudden Surge Of People Adopting Sharks This Week. Can You Guess Why? http://www.iflscience.com/plants-and-animals/theres-been-a-sudden-surge-of-people-adopting-sharks-this-week-can-you-guess-why/ …pic.twitter.com/kUjPJSVh3E 2 replies 12 retweets 28 likes Reply 2 Retweet 12 Retweeted 12 Like 28 Liked 28 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo IFLScience‏Verified account @IFLScience Jan 24 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet If You Don't Want To Know What An Owl Looks Like Naked, Look Away Nowhttp://www.iflscience.com/plants-and-animals/if-you-dont-want-to-know-what-an-owl-looks-like-naked-look-away-now/ … 2 replies 13 retweets 22 likes Reply 2 Retweet 13 Retweeted 13 Like 22 Liked 22 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo IFLScience‏Verified account @IFLScience Jan 24 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet Almost one third of alcohol sold in England is consumed by 4 percent of the population.http://www.iflscience.com/health-and-medicine/close-to-onethird-of-alcohol-sold-in-england-is-consumed-by-4-percent-of-the-population/ … 1 reply 5 retweets 15 likes Reply 1 Retweet 5 Retweeted 5 Like 15 Liked 15 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo IFLScience‏Verified account @IFLScience Jan 23 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet Coral scientist blamed for decline in tourists visiting coral reef, in the most Australian way possible. http://www.iflscience.com/environment/leading-coral-scientist-blamed-for-decline-in-tourists-visiting-the-great-barrier-reef/ …pic.twitter.com/2SJTgKLtnO 3 replies 25 retweets 36 likes Reply 3 Retweet 25 Retweeted 25 Like 36 Liked 36 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo IFLScience‏Verified account @IFLScience Jan 23 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet IFLScience Retweeted IFLScience *bursts in sweating* You guys this monkey has a mustachehttps://twitter.com/IFLScience/status/954039205079977984 … IFLScience added, IFLScienceVerified account @IFLScience Monkey With A Fancy Mustache Is A New Species http://www.iflscience.com/plants-and-animals/monkey-with-a-fancy-mustache-is-a-new-species/ … pic.twitter.com/oiW0WRnXK6 Show this thread 2 replies 24 retweets 82 likes Reply 2 Retweet 24 Retweeted 24 Like 82 Liked 82 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo IFLScience‏Verified account @IFLScience Jan 23 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet Scientists Discover Cause Of Mystery Illness That's Been Paralyzing Children Across The US http://www.iflscience.com/health-and-medicine/scientists-discover-cause-of-mystery-illness-thats-been-paralyzing-children-across-the-us/ …pic.twitter.com/MZI3eRMNmy 0 replies 15 retweets 21 likes Reply Retweet 15 Retweeted 15 Like 21 Liked 21 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo IFLScience‏Verified account @IFLScience Jan 23 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet Museum makes new hire - and he's a very good boy http://www.iflscience.com/environment/were-obsessed-with-this-museums-newest-hire/ …pic.twitter.com/JBBoT7ED1F 0 replies 7 retweets 35 likes Reply Retweet 7 Retweeted 7 Like 35 Liked 35 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo IFLScience‏Verified account @IFLScience Jan 23 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet Turns out the way to stop men getting women pregnant was deadly, deadly poison arrows this whole time.http://www.iflscience.com/health-and-medicine/promising-new-male-birth-control-is-based-on-a-toxin-used-for-poison-arrows/ … 3 replies 9 retweets 34 likes Reply 3 Retweet 9 Retweeted 9 Like 34 Liked 34 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo IFLScience‏Verified account @IFLScience Jan 23 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet This Is the Reconstructed Face Of A 9,000-Year-Old Teenager http://www.iflscience.com/plants-and-animals/this-is-the-reconstructed-face-of-a-9000yearold-teenager-from-the-dawn-of-civilization/?utm_source=Editorial&utm_medium=Static&utm_campaign=TH …pic.twitter.com/zklyfazP4T 26 replies 27 retweets 106 likes Reply 26 Retweet 27 Retweeted 27 Like 106 Liked 106 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo IFLScience‏Verified account @IFLScience Jan 23 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet Jupiter's south pole, as captured by NASA's Juno spacecraft.pic.twitter.com/WChMtQs9Fd 3 replies 84 retweets 220 likes Reply 3 Retweet 84 Retweeted 84 Like 220 Liked 220 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo IFLScience Retweeted IFLScience‏Verified account @IFLScience Jan 22 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet IFLScience Retweeted IFLScience "Apparently people are quite suspicious of robots offering sausages".https://twitter.com/IFLScience/status/955440569236492289 … IFLScience added, IFLScienceVerified account @IFLScience Store hires robot to help out customers, robot gets fired for scaring customers away http://www.iflscience.com/technology/store-hires-robot-to-help-out-customers-robot-gets-fired-for-scaring-customers-away/ … pic.twitter.com/zAmVlGbkjo 33 replies 752 retweets 1,856 likes Reply Retweet Retweeted Like Liked Show this thread Show this thread Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo IFLScience‏Verified account @IFLScience Jan 22 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet Flat-Earther's Homemade Rocket Has Got A New Launch Date http://www.iflscience.com/space/flatearthers-homemade-rocket-has-got-a-new-launch-date/ …pic.twitter.com/hmWVIf4FcI 12 replies 9 retweets 36 likes Reply 12 Retweet 9 Retweeted 9 Like 36 Liked 36 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo IFLScience‏Verified account @IFLScience Jan 22 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet The Alarming Moment A Bonobo Throws A Brick Towards The Family Watching It http://www.iflscience.com/plants-and-animals/the-alarming-moment-a-bonobo-throws-a-brick-towards-the-family-watching-it/ …pic.twitter.com/iHGa5jMPEq 1 reply 7 retweets 21 likes Reply 1 Retweet 7 Retweeted 7 Like 21 Liked 21 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo IFLScience‏Verified account @IFLScience Jan 22 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet Bizarre Video Shows Group Of Octopuses Crawling Out Of The Sea And Invading A Beach http://www.iflscience.com/plants-and-animals/bizarre-video-shows-group-of-octopuses-crawling-out-of-the-sea-and-invading-a-beach/ …pic.twitter.com/lTtIcrrI3q 2 replies 10 retweets 41 likes Reply 2 Retweet 10 Retweeted 10 Like 41 Liked 41 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo @IFLScience hasn't Tweeted yet. Back to top ↑ Loading seems to be taking a while. Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information. New to Twitter? Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline! Sign up You may also like · Refresh false © 2018 Twitter About Help Center Terms Privacy policy Cookies Ads info Close Choose a trend location Dismiss Close Previous Next Close Go to a person's profile Saved searches Remove In this conversation Verified accountProtected Tweets @ Suggested users Verified accountProtected Tweets @ Verified accountProtected Tweets @ Close Promote this Tweet Close Block Cancel Block Tweet with a location You can add location information to your Tweets, such as your city or precise location, from the web and via third-party applications. You always have the option to delete your Tweet location history. Learn more Turn on Not now Close Share Location Results from Send Close Your lists Close Create a new list List name Description Under 100 characters, optional Privacy Public · Anyone can follow this list Private · Only you can access this list Save list Close Close Copy link to Tweet Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends. Close Embed this Tweet Embed this Video Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again? Include parent Tweet Include media By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy. Preview Close Why you're seeing this ad Close Log in to Twitter Remember me · Forgot password? Don't have an account? Sign up » Close Sign up for Twitter Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen. Sign up Have an account? Log in » Close Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes: Country Code For customers of United States 40404 (any) Canada 21212 (any) United Kingdom 86444 Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2 Brazil 40404 Nextel, TIM Haiti 40404 Digicel, Voila Ireland 51210 Vodafone, O2 India 53000 Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance Indonesia 89887 AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata Italy 4880804 Wind 3424486444 Vodafone » See SMS short codes for other countries Close Confirmation Close Close Skip all Welcome home! This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you. Tweets not working for you? Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account. Say a lot with a little When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets the person who wrote it know you shared the love. Spread the word The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly. Join the conversation Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in. Learn the latest Get instant insight into what people are talking about now. Get more of what you love Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about. Find what's happening See the latest conversations about any topic instantly. Never miss a Moment Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold. Back Next Next Tweet from user Environment Technology Space Health and Medicine The Brain Plants and Animals Physics Chemistry Policy Editor's Blog Share 24 Jan 2018 Live Giant Squid Washed Ashore In Spain Plants and Animals Share 24 Jan 2018 Melting Glaciers Are Revealing The Hidden History Of Norway's Mountain Life Environment Share 21 Jan 2018 Sophisticated Architecture And Metal-Work Found Beneath Ancient Greek “Pyramid” Plants and Animals Share 19 Jan 2018 Scientists Image DNA Being Read In Unprecedented Detail Health and Medicine Share 18 Jan 2018 Cape Town Will Run Out Of Water In Fewer Than 100 Days Environment Top Stories Share Health and Medicine Pornhub has released data showing what happened after the false Hawaiian missile alert, showing an i... 18 Jan 2018 75.7K Shares Pornhub's Data Shows Something Rather Hilarious Happened During The False Missile Alert In Hawaii Share Policy When we thought the horrors of 2017 were finally over, the President piped up on Twitter, and sugges... 29 Dec 2017 66.8K Shares Trump Just Made His Most Ridiculous Anti-Science Statement So Far Trending Stories Share Space Now, “Mad” Mike is back to conclude his 15 minutes of fame with a new launch date with his "RESEARCH... 22 Jan 2018 38.7K Shares Flat-Earther's Homemade Rocket Has Got A New Launch Date Share Health and Medicine Chinese biologists successfully cloned two long-tailed macaque monkeys.... 24 Jan 2018 11.2K Shares These Baby Macaques Are The World's First Primate Clones Share Space NASA is going to reveal details on its plans to go to the Moon in early February, as it unveils its ... 23 Jan 2018 6.8K Shares NASA Is Finally Going To Reveal Its Plan To Return To The Moon More Science Share Plants and Animals The discovery of a 200,000-year-old human jawbone in Israel pushes back the date for when our ancest... 25 Jan 2018 441 Shares Incredible New Find Pushes Back Our Ancestors' Migration Out Of Africa By 50,000 Years Share Technology By manipulating dust-like particles researchers can create 3D images that can be seen from all direc... 25 Jan 2018 Scientists Create New Type Of 3D Images That Are Better Than Holograms Share Policy According to the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists, the world is about as dangerous as it was during... 25 Jan 2018 2.4K Shares The Doomsday Clock Is Now Set At Just Two Minutes To Midnight. Here's What That Means Share Plants and Animals The age of misinformation and ridiculous fads might have spat out its strangest love child yet: anti... 25 Jan 2018 Now Anti-Vaxxers Think Vaccinations Can Give Your Pets Autism Too Share Space A rocket launched from New Zealand earlier this week took a surprising object into orbit, a large re... 25 Jan 2018 New Zealand Rocket Takes "Disco Ball" Satellite Into Space That You Can See From Earth Share Plants and Animals The genomes of two species known for their remarkable regenerating capacities have been sequenced, p... 25 Jan 2018 Axolotl Genome Sequenced For The First Time Revealing Awesome Powers Of Regeneration Share Plants and Animals Submersible expedition to the Antarctic seafloor reveals a carpet of life that needs protection.... 25 Jan 2018 Submersible Expedition In Antarctica Reveals Secrets Of The Deep And Why It Needs Protecting Share Environment Researchers have worked out the carbon footprint of different flavor sandwiches. The all-day-breakfa... 25 Jan 2018 Researchers Have Calculated The Carbon Footprint Of Your Favorite Sandwich Share Space Scientists have proposed a new way to search for life, by looking for an imbalance of certain gases ... 25 Jan 2018 1 Share This New Method To Search For Life Doesn't Rely On Oxygen Share Space The surfaces of certain bodies without atmospheres in the Solar System might be a lot more porous th... 25 Jan 2018 Europa And Other Objects In The Solar System Might Have A Very Soft Surface Share Plants and Animals A new family of elusive viruses have been found in the ocean, and these tailless beasties kill far m... 25 Jan 2018 Newly Discovered Family Of Marine Viruses Happen To Be Prolific Killers Share Policy Watch the Doomsday Clock announcement here.... 25 Jan 2018 2.0K Shares Scientists Are About To Announce How Close We Are To The End Of The World. Here's How To Watch Load More Stories Popular Stories 10 Nov 2017 In 1988, A College Kid's Screw-Up Changed The Internet Forever 02 Nov 2017 If The Zombie Apocalypse Happens, This Is Where Scientists Say You Should Go 19 Jan 2018 Man’s Ginormous Self-Removed Tapeworm Linked To Sushi Addiction 17 Jan 2018 11 Fitness Myths That Are Doing More Harm Than Good 18 Jan 2018 The Internet Was Left Baffled By This 4-Year-Old's Homework. Can You Answer It? 18 Jan 2018 The Mysterious "Mothman" Has Been Spotted Flying Over Chicago. Here's What It Really Is Week in Science The IFLScience Newsletter Sign up today to get weekly science coverage direct to your inbox Navigation Home Team Careers IFLScience Store Contact Submit News Contact Advertising Advertise Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy This website uses cookies This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By continuing to use our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. Отиди на Раздели на тази страница Помощ за Достъпност Натиснете alt + /, за да отворите това меню. Премахване За да помогнем да се персонализира съдържанието, да се приспособят и измерят рекламите, както и за да предоставим по-безопасен начин на използване, ние използваме бисквитки. Чрез щракване или чрез навигация в сайта вие се съгласявате да позволите да събираме информация във и извън Facebook чрез бисквитки. Научете повече, включително за наличните контроли: Политика за бисквитки. Facebook Електронна поща или телефонен номер Парола Забравен профил? Начало Информация Снимки Събития Видеоклипове Публикации Общност Виж повече от I fucking love science във Facebook Вход илиСъздаване на нов профил Виж повече от I fucking love science във Facebook Вход Забравен профил? илиСъздаване на нов профил Не сега ОбщностПреглед на всички 25 819 259 души харесват това 24 988 587 души следват това ОтносноВижте всички Contact I fucking love science on Messenger www.iflscience.com Научен уеб сайт Хора 25 819 259 харесвания Хората също харесват Big Think Уеб сайт за новини и медия ScienceDump Научен уеб сайт Smarter Every Day Личен блог Страници, харесани от тази страница Cosmos Epic Lab Time Microbiology & Immunology Български · English (US) · Türkçe · Español · Português (Brasil) Поверителност · Условия · Реклама · Вашият избор · Бисквитки · Още Facebook © 2018 Снимки Преглед на всички Видеоклипове 2015 was an AMAZING year for science! 169 хил. 4,7 хил. Baby spiders 1,8 хил. 5,7 хил. Quadrantid meteor shower. 5,1 хил. 1,2 хил. Преглед на всички Публикации I fucking love science в компанията на Ford UK. · 23 януари в 08:39 · Платено · Ford has designed a car that detects and reacts to your emotions. Check it out. It looks like you may be having problems playing this video. If so, please try restarting your browser. Затваряне Car that detects emotions Публикувано от I fucking love science 639 776 гледания I fucking love science сподели връзка. · 29 мин. · Incredible New Find Pushes Back Our Ancestor's Migration Out Of Africa By 50,000 Years In yet another shake-up of the established timeline of our species, researchers have uncovered the oldest modern human fossil outside of Africa, and it is iflscience.com Преглед на всички Публикации I fucking love science · 2 часа · Is the world about to end? The Doomsday Clock Is Now Set At Just Two Minutes To Midnight. Here's What That Means The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists (BAS) has declared that the Doomsday Clock is now set at two minutes to midnight. Last year, we were two-and-a-half m iflscience.com I fucking love science · 3 часа · They're like two peas in a pod! This Mummified Corpse Is The Ancestor Of A Famous Politician. People Think The Resemblance Is Uncanny Take a look at that face. Do you find it weirdly recognizable? Are you getting uncontrollable urges to vote it out of office as soon as democracy will allo iflscience.com I fucking love science · 5 часа · Are we all doomed? Find out today. Scientists Are About To Announce How Close We Are To The End Of The World. Here's How To Watch Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, gather round, for today is the day that we find out just how close to midnight – or the end of the world – we are. Th iflscience.com I fucking love science · 7 часа · We're finally going back. NASA Is Finally Going To Reveal Its Plan To Return To The Moon NASA is going to reveal details on its plans to go to the Moon in early February, as it unveils its budget request for 2019. In December Trump signed Space iflscience.com I fucking love science · 15 часа · This is Riley, and he's a very good employee. Yes he is. Who's a good employee? This Dog Has Been Employed By A Museum Because No Human Is Up To The Task Real talk: The Boston Museum of Fine Arts just hired the cutest security guard and we are totally smitten. Meet Riley, a 12-week-old Weimaraner puppy being iflscience.com I fucking love science · 19 часа · This is moving into sci-fi territory. Researchers Use Lasers To Create Quasiparticle With 'Negative Mass' Researchers have used lasers and a sophisticated optical system to create something we have never seen before. iflscience.com I fucking love science · 21 часа · This is the first time that primates have been successfully cloned. These Baby Macaques Are The World's First Primate Clones A medical frontier has been broken with the announcement that Chinese biologists successfully cloned two macaque monkeys. This is the first time that true iflscience.com I fucking love science · 23 часа · Seeing a live specimen is unbelievably rare. Live Giant Squid Washed Ashore In Spain Despite coming in at around 13 meters long (42 feet long) and weighing hundreds of kilograms, little is known about the giant squid. Fewer than a thousand iflscience.com I fucking love science · Вчера в 10:31 · This could cost the US tens of thousands of jobs. Trump Launches 'Most Damaging Attack On The Clean Energy Sector Yet' At the start of this week, the US signed off on tariffs for two items largely imported from abroad, particularly China: washing machines and solar panels. iflscience.com I fucking love science · Вчера в 09:30 · Some of these artifacts were frozen into the glaciers 6,000 years ago. Ancient Glaciers In Norway Are Thawing, And Artifacts Frozen Thousands Of Years Ago Are Flooding Out The Norwegian glaciers in Oppland County have acted like a deep freezer for thousands of years, collecting artifacts from all the different cultures who li iflscience.com I fucking love science · Вчера в 07:48 · He's got a new launch date! This Man Plans To Prove The Earth Is Flat With A Homemade Rocket Launch “Mad” Mike Hughes shot into the limelight last year after announcing plans to launch himself in a homemade rocket with sponsor 'RESEARCH FLAT EARTH” painte iflscience.com I fucking love science · 23 януари в 21:00 · This is great news for bees, honey fans, and the planet. Chance Discovery Could Help Destroy The Honeybee's Worst Enemy It isn’t just pesticides and the destruction of habitat that’s making the world’s honeybees very unhappy. One of the biggest threats is Varroa destructor, iflscience.com I fucking love science · 23 януари в 20:00 · If you want men to stop getting women pregnant, apparently deadly poison arrows are the answer. Scientists Make Breakthrough In Male Birth Control - Inspired By Deadly Poison Arrows Since their inception in the 1950s, birth control pills have granted freedom and control to heterosexual couples. Yet the responsibilities – and unpleasant iflscience.com I fucking love science · 23 януари в 19:00 · Archaeologists weren't expecting to find anything this complex. Discovery Under Ancient Greek 'Pyramid' May Mean They Were Far More Technically Advanced Than We Ever Imagined In a new discovery, archaeologists have found what appears to be complex architecture and evidence of metal-work buried beneath the surface of a Greek isla iflscience.com I fucking love science · 23 януари в 16:00 · The resolution on this is roughly one-20,000th of the width of a human hair – and the image is simply stunning. Scientists Photograph Single Strand Of DNA Being Ripped Apart In Incredible Detail The incredible images below show a single strand of DNA being pulled apart and read by the molecular machinery within a cell. The series, published in Natu iflscience.com Вижте повече Environment Technology Space Health and Medicine The Brain Plants and Animals Physics Chemistry Policy Editor's Blog Share 24 Jan 2018 Live Giant Squid Washed Ashore In Spain Plants and Animals Share 24 Jan 2018 Melting Glaciers Are Revealing The Hidden History Of Norway's Mountain Life Environment Share 21 Jan 2018 Sophisticated Architecture And Metal-Work Found Beneath Ancient Greek “Pyramid” Plants and Animals Share 19 Jan 2018 Scientists Image DNA Being Read In Unprecedented Detail Health and Medicine Share 18 Jan 2018 Cape Town Will Run Out Of Water In Fewer Than 100 Days Environment Top Stories Share Health and Medicine Pornhub has released data showing what happened after the false Hawaiian missile alert, showing an i... 18 Jan 2018 75.7K Shares Pornhub's Data Shows Something Rather Hilarious Happened During The False Missile Alert In Hawaii Share Policy When we thought the horrors of 2017 were finally over, the President piped up on Twitter, and sugges... 29 Dec 2017 66.8K Shares Trump Just Made His Most Ridiculous Anti-Science Statement So Far Trending Stories Share Space Now, “Mad” Mike is back to conclude his 15 minutes of fame with a new launch date with his "RESEARCH... 22 Jan 2018 38.7K Shares Flat-Earther's Homemade Rocket Has Got A New Launch Date Share Health and Medicine Chinese biologists successfully cloned two long-tailed macaque monkeys.... 24 Jan 2018 11.2K Shares These Baby Macaques Are The World's First Primate Clones Share Space NASA is going to reveal details on its plans to go to the Moon in early February, as it unveils its ... 23 Jan 2018 6.8K Shares NASA Is Finally Going To Reveal Its Plan To Return To The Moon More Science Share Plants and Animals The discovery of a 200,000-year-old human jawbone in Israel pushes back the date for when our ancest... 25 Jan 2018 441 Shares Incredible New Find Pushes Back Our Ancestors' Migration Out Of Africa By 50,000 Years Share Technology By manipulating dust-like particles researchers can create 3D images that can be seen from all direc... 25 Jan 2018 Scientists Create New Type Of 3D Images That Are Better Than Holograms Share Policy According to the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists, the world is about as dangerous as it was during... 25 Jan 2018 2.4K Shares The Doomsday Clock Is Now Set At Just Two Minutes To Midnight. Here's What That Means Share Plants and Animals The age of misinformation and ridiculous fads might have spat out its strangest love child yet: anti... 25 Jan 2018 Now Anti-Vaxxers Think Vaccinations Can Give Your Pets Autism Too Share Space A rocket launched from New Zealand earlier this week took a surprising object into orbit, a large re... 25 Jan 2018 New Zealand Rocket Takes "Disco Ball" Satellite Into Space That You Can See From Earth Share Plants and Animals The genomes of two species known for their remarkable regenerating capacities have been sequenced, p... 25 Jan 2018 Axolotl Genome Sequenced For The First Time Revealing Awesome Powers Of Regeneration Share Plants and Animals Submersible expedition to the Antarctic seafloor reveals a carpet of life that needs protection.... 25 Jan 2018 Submersible Expedition In Antarctica Reveals Secrets Of The Deep And Why It Needs Protecting Share Environment Researchers have worked out the carbon footprint of different flavor sandwiches. The all-day-breakfa... 25 Jan 2018 Researchers Have Calculated The Carbon Footprint Of Your Favorite Sandwich Share Space Scientists have proposed a new way to search for life, by looking for an imbalance of certain gases ... 25 Jan 2018 1 Share This New Method To Search For Life Doesn't Rely On Oxygen Share Space The surfaces of certain bodies without atmospheres in the Solar System might be a lot more porous th... 25 Jan 2018 Europa And Other Objects In The Solar System Might Have A Very Soft Surface Share Plants and Animals A new family of elusive viruses have been found in the ocean, and these tailless beasties kill far m... 25 Jan 2018 Newly Discovered Family Of Marine Viruses Happen To Be Prolific Killers Share Policy Watch the Doomsday Clock announcement here.... 25 Jan 2018 2.0K Shares Scientists Are About To Announce How Close We Are To The End Of The World. Here's How To Watch Load More Stories Popular Stories 10 Nov 2017 In 1988, A College Kid's Screw-Up Changed The Internet Forever 02 Nov 2017 If The Zombie Apocalypse Happens, This Is Where Scientists Say You Should Go 19 Jan 2018 Man’s Ginormous Self-Removed Tapeworm Linked To Sushi Addiction 17 Jan 2018 11 Fitness Myths That Are Doing More Harm Than Good 18 Jan 2018 The Internet Was Left Baffled By This 4-Year-Old's Homework. Can You Answer It? 18 Jan 2018 The Mysterious "Mothman" Has Been Spotted Flying Over Chicago. Here's What It Really Is Week in Science The IFLScience Newsletter Sign up today to get weekly science coverage direct to your inbox Navigation Home Team Careers IFLScience Store Contact Submit News Contact Advertising Advertise Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy This website uses cookies This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By continuing to use our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. Environment Technology Space Health and Medicine The Brain Plants and Animals Physics Chemistry Policy Editor's Blog Environment Share Environment Researchers have worked out the carbon footprint of different flavor sandwiches. The all-day-breakfa... 25 Jan 2018 Researchers Have Calculated The Carbon Footprint Of Your Favorite Sandwich Share Environment Now, thanks to climate change, the glaciers in Norway are receding and starting to pump out a tide o... 24 Jan 2018 13.9K Shares Melting Glaciers Are Revealing The Hidden History Of Norway's Mountain Life Share Environment Alaska is one of the most seismically active areas in the world and has more earthquakes than any ot... 24 Jan 2018 3 Shares Here's Why Alaskans Are Unfazed By The 7.9 Earthquake Share Environment Solar geoengineering would devastate the world's ecosystems, particularly after the experiment event... 23 Jan 2018 1.9K Shares Geoengineering Would Bring About A Different Kind Of Climate Change Nightmare Share Environment A new America First-style tariff on imported solar panels and equipment will help the US manufacturi... 23 Jan 2018 9.8K Shares Trump Administration Places High Tariffs On Imported Solar Panels Share Environment Cloud seeding has been going on for decades, but only now have we seen ice crystals form within clou... 23 Jan 2018 10 Shares For The First Time, We've Watched Cloud Seeding Produce Snow Share Environment ... 22 Jan 2018 7.2K Shares Video Captures Moment Giant Iceberg Completely Flips Over Share Environment The Australian government is pledging $60 million to help save the Great Barrier Reef, but most of t... 22 Jan 2018 2.6K Shares Australian Government Pledges $60 Million To Help The Great Barrier Reef - But There's A Small Problem Share Environment Researchers have found that a small part of Australia is actually built on 1.7-billion-year-old rock... 22 Jan 2018 7.8K Shares Bizarrely, A Tiny Town In Australia Is Actually Sitting On A Part Of Ancient North America Share Environment We were recently asked if anything would happen if a nuclear weapon was dropped on Yellowstone, and ... 21 Jan 2018 1.8K Shares What Would Happen If A Nuclear Bomb Was Dropped On Yellowstone Supervolcano? Share Environment New research has massively cut the range of global warming we could experience by the end of the cen... 18 Jan 2018 40 Shares There Is A Less Than 1 In 40 Chance Global Warming Will Exceed 4 Degrees Celsius Share Environment The world is burning. 2017 is the hottest year on record without an El Nino, and the third or second... 18 Jan 2018 5.7K Shares NASA And NOAA Announce That 2017 Was One Of The Hottest Years Since Records Began Share Environment A map of the Mordor-under-the-Sea - a series of ancient underwater volcanic eruptions - is revealing... 18 Jan 2018 1.9K Shares Ancient Volcanic Landscape Dubbed "Mordor-Under-The-Sea" Mapped By Scientists Share Environment Cape Town might become the first major city in the world to run out of water, with just 95 days left... 18 Jan 2018 41.4K Shares Cape Town Will Run Out Of Water In Fewer Than 100 Days Share Environment The amendment to ban the use of pulsed electric current fishing comes after disagreements about its ... 18 Jan 2018 7 Shares EU Votes To Ban Controversial Electric Pulse Fishing Share Environment Methane in the upper levels of the Arctic ocean is of recent origin, rather than being the ancient i... 18 Jan 2018 3 Shares Signs Suggest Arctic Ocean Methane Won't Destroy The World Share Environment An oil tanker carrying approximately 1 million barrels of oil sank off the coast of Shanghai on Tues... 17 Jan 2018 167 Shares Catastrophic Fire Causes Iranian Oil Tanker To Sink In Chinese Waters Share Environment What is being dubbed the world's biggest (and tallest) air purifier can be found in Northern China. ... 17 Jan 2018 21 Shares The "World's Biggest Air Purifier" Is Appropriately Found In China Share Environment Two separate submerged caves have been found to be connected, which officially makes them the world'... 17 Jan 2018 7.5K Shares Explorers Find World's Biggest Underwater Cave In Mexico - And The Photos Are Incredible Share Environment A new study has suggested that Mount Etna behaves more like a hot spring than a proper volcano. Let'... 16 Jan 2018 1 Share Controversial Study Compares Mount Etna To A Gigantic Hot Spring Load More Stories Popular Stories Week in Science The IFLScience Newsletter Sign up today to get weekly science coverage direct to your inbox Navigation Home Team Careers IFLScience Store Contact Submit News Contact Advertising Advertise Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy This website uses cookies This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By continuing to use our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. Environment Technology Space Health and Medicine The Brain Plants and Animals Physics Chemistry Policy Editor's Blog Technology Share Technology By manipulating dust-like particles researchers can create 3D images that can be seen from all direc... 25 Jan 2018 Scientists Create New Type Of 3D Images That Are Better Than Holograms Share Technology A man arrested on DUI charges for falling asleep at the wheel bucked the blame when he told authorit... 25 Jan 2018 8 Shares Man Blames DUI Charge On "Self-Driving" Car Share Technology Not only is Tesla's farm-sized battery already proving to be an incredible piece of tech, it’s an es... 24 Jan 2018 3 Shares Looks Like Tesla's Giant Battery In Australia Made Some Serious Cash This Month Share Technology MIT have invented a brand-new artificial synapse - but what does this mean, and have they really mad... 24 Jan 2018 4 Shares Extremely Tiny "Artificial Synapse" Mimics The Behavior Of Neurons Share Technology The team at Botnik have trained an AI bot on "Fire and Fury" and a McDonald's menu to create this ma... 24 Jan 2018 48 Shares This Is What Happens When An AI Bot Attempts To Rewrite “Fire And Fury” Share Technology Gamers rejoice! Scientists now say there is no evidence to support the theory that video games “prim... 23 Jan 2018 21 Shares Scientists Say There Is No Link Between Video Games And Violence Share Technology Take this quick online quiz to pit your digital savviness against the increasing creativity of finan... 23 Jan 2018 4 Shares Are You Smarter Than A Web Scammer? Take This Test To Find Out Share Technology Researchers say they have discovered melted fuel inside a second of Fukushima’s three damaged reacto... 23 Jan 2018 15 Shares Melted Fuel Has Been Found In A Second Fukushima Reactor Share Technology Security departments in Europe are using an artificial intelligence system developed for space trave... 22 Jan 2018 8 Shares This Crime-Solving AI Was Originally Developed To Help Astronauts-In-Training Share Technology A robot was hired to help out at a store. It wasn't long before he was fired for gross incompetence.... 22 Jan 2018 8.1K Shares Store Hires Robot To Help Out Customers, Robot Gets Fired For Scaring Customers Away Share Technology Meet the world's smallest – and cutest – new member of the robot family.... 22 Jan 2018 1.6K Shares Harvard's Origami Robot Moves So Fast A Camera Can't Even Catch It Share Technology Ingeniously simple and inspired by nature, this “self-healing” concrete could mean cracked pavements... 22 Jan 2018 3.7K Shares Self-Healing Concrete Is An Ingenious Solution To Cracked Roads Share Technology A new type of drone was being tested by Australian lifeguards on Thursday when it was roped into the... 22 Jan 2018 7 Shares Lifeguard Drone Saves Two Stranded Swimmers During Pilot Mission Share Technology European explorers refused to believe Africans were making glass prior to their arrival, but chemica... 21 Jan 2018 49 Shares Glassmaking Practiced In Sub-Saharan Africa Before European Arrival Share Technology In 1988, a 23-year-old computer science student at Cornell University unleashed one of the internet’... 21 Jan 2018 10.5K Shares In 1988, A College Kid's Screw-Up Changed The Internet Forever Share Technology Scientists have used a new imaging technique to re-examine Egyptian art and find details that were p... 19 Jan 2018 8.1K Shares Hidden Ancient Egyptian Paintings Revealed Thanks To New Digital Imaging Tool Share Technology One of the worst chip flaws in history effects billions of products around the world – from baby mon... 19 Jan 2018 4.3K Shares This 22-Year-Old Discovered How To Hack Billions Of Devices Globally Using One Of The Worst Chip Flaws In Hist... Share Technology An artificial intelligence algorithm has outperformed humans for the first time in a reading compreh... 16 Jan 2018 6.2K Shares Robots Are Now Beating Us At Reading Comprehension Tests Too Share Technology Adding to a recent wave of developments in the sex-robot field (yes, this is now a field), two pole ... 16 Jan 2018 42 Shares Androids Take Up Exotic Dancing In Vegas, Of Course Share Technology A new study shares that narcissists on Instagram are more likely to follow other narcissists back.... 12 Jan 2018 5 Shares Narcissists Are More Likely To Follow Other Narcissists Back On Instagram Load More Stories Popular Stories Week in Science The IFLScience Newsletter Sign up today to get weekly science coverage direct to your inbox Navigation Home Team Careers IFLScience Store Contact Submit News Contact Advertising Advertise Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy This website uses cookies This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By continuing to use our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. Environment Technology Space Health and Medicine The Brain Plants and Animals Physics Chemistry Policy Editor's Blog Space Share Space A rocket launched from New Zealand earlier this week took a surprising object into orbit, a large re... 25 Jan 2018 New Zealand Rocket Takes "Disco Ball" Satellite Into Space That You Can See From Earth Share Space Scientists have proposed a new way to search for life, by looking for an imbalance of certain gases ... 25 Jan 2018 1 Share This New Method To Search For Life Doesn't 